Updated readMe (#15)
jellyfish-dev/ts-client-sdk: readme.md

Documentation is available [here](https://jellyfish-dev.github.io/ts-client-sdk/)

## Installation

You can install this package using `npm`:

```bash

> npm https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/ts-client-sdk

Reviewer: But we should encourage people to install released version. Github installation is only four our local tests, we should make a new release

You can install this package using `npm`:
```shell
npm install @jellyfish-dev/ts-client-sdk
```

}
```

## Examples

For more examples, see [examples](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/ts-client-sdk/tree/main/examples) folder.

More information about usage of webrtc can be found in [MembraneWebRTC documentation](https://jellyfish-dev.github.io/membrane-webrtc-js/).

## Contributing

> We welcome contributions to Jellyfish Dashboard. Please report any bugs or issues you find or feel free to make a pull request with your own bug fixes and/or features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions to Jellyfish TS Client SDK. Please report any bugs or issues you find or feel free to make a pull request with your own bug fixes and/or features.
```

## Jellyfish Ecosystem

|            |                                                                                                  |
|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Client SDKs | [React](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/react-client-sdk), [React Native](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/react-native-client-sdk), [iOs](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/ios-client-sdk), [Android](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/android-client-sdk)|
| Server SDKs | [Elixir](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/elixir_server_sdk), [Python](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/python-server-sdk), [OpenAPI](https://jellyfish-dev.github.io/jellyfish-docs/api_reference/rest_api)

> | Services   | [Videoroom](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/jellyfish_videoroom) -  an example videoconferencing app written in elixir <br> [Dashboard](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-dashboard) - an internal tool used to shocase Jellyfish's capabilities |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Services   | [Videoroom](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/jellyfish_videoroom) -  an example videoconferencing app written in elixir <br> [Dashboard](https://github.com/jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-dashboard) - an internal tool used to showcase Jellyfish's capabilities |
```
